doc: integrate npm funding into backing (#312)
nodejs/package-maintenance: docs/drafts/PACKAGE-SUPPORT.md

This section provides information how the package is supported and how consumers can help support the package.
It can be a single object or an array of objects, for example: [x, y, z]. This supports cases where the
backing comes from more than one source. Each object consists of an identifier as defined below and an optional URL (except for entries with type `npm-funding` which cannot have a URL) with additional information. For example:

```json
{ "foundation": "https://openjsf.org/" }
```

The value can be an array of URLs as well:

> 

Reviewer: Did you mean to remove this example?

Author: I did remove it on purpose due to the overlap but we can add a different example.

Author: added back an example

> 

Author: ``` suggestion
```json
{
  "bounty": [
    "https://www.bountiesareus.com/my-account",
    "https://www.wepaybounties.com/my-account",
  ]
}
```
```

This section provides information how the package is supported and how consumers can help support the package.
It can be a single object or an array of objects, for example: [x, y, z]. This supports cases where the

> backing comes from more than one source. Each object consists of an identifier as defined below and an optional URL (except for entries with type `npm-funding` which cannot have a URL) with additional information. For example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
backing comes from more than one source. Each object consists of an identifier as defined below and an optional URL (except for entries with type `npm-funding` which must have a value of `true`) with additional information. For example:
```

The value can be an array of URLs as well:

> This allows the package maintainer to indentify how the packge is supported as well as provide links to additional information for how a consumer may find more information or help support the package.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This allows the package maintainer to identify how the package is supported as well as provide links to additional information for how a consumer may find more information or help support the package.
```

I just noticed this typo

The standardized identifiers include:

| Value | Description |
|-------|-------------|
| `none`         | There is nobody backing this package.
| `hobby`        | The single maintainer maintains the package for fun, does not get any support to continue maintenance.

> | `npm-funding`  | The project is asking for funding and can be funded through the links provided in the `funding` field within the package.json.

Reviewer 4: What should be the URL value for this key?

```
{
  'npm-funding': 'https://github/module/package.json'
}
```
Could it be good?

Reviewer 2: just `true` I’d hope; there’s only one possibility for it to be npm funding, which is the closest package.json file.

Reviewer 4: We should update this line accordingly since it says that an URL is expected

https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/pull/312/files#diff-5102e935129bc62569b47296ee319941R297

Author: @Eomm update the line.  Let me know if you think that covers it.
